they were sore eyes home CSC and this is
just going to be a quick video on how to
get Lee when I Club LA hunts and full
speed beta free
I know it's quite old but still is
pretty good just taking all that fun
somebody want to do leaning folk people
you just want to type in with night club
I like I spell wrong top la say beta yes
right so when you've done that you just
want to click on this first okay and
then it should should go to this game
facts being a thing that's a now see
what I do i download this one here as I
am from England
do what ever anyone like this
okay so what once that's done I didn't
even cross or Safari or all anyway I
also reduce it and they've got that I
just wanna go over to a USP
is my new folder Pierce very or the cat
letters spit from that
nice if I might now hold out for the
same data or in caps excitement names as
well drag-and-drop see
actually says well the safe takes off so
um I'm just gonna go it's obvious right
now and show you what it does
ankle it's nowhere yeah on the
PlayStation I'm just gonna say but so I
blow up on site 18:30 yo speedlights I
just got me this favor
AGC its or Craig 700c nice can be all
but for you so I just unearthly swipe my
daughter
then I clock there like there's no need
to delay the patch life in those two
words it will be sped off
ah steak
okay now drive back school oh did just
press start a speaking it does take a
little while to load up my other
accounting life I don't crack this safe
here
also while I'm here just let me know if
you want me to do any other series I'm
sort of stuck for ideas on lemons and
I'm failing at my feets next one so as
you see here
he is as how'd you like this game for I
have mistletoe and damn it they will
follow stuff they've got as you see down
the bottom they have over 1 million
dollars a vehicle saga and every single
thing here is free
see my hi old spy a heavy cream 1 and
Chi 1 Sky Force one for now see her
doesn't cost me a single penny you know
I got there I just customize a vehicle
for my shop a machine is free again
also upgrade everything except done all
this is free I just see
well that spring and society make my
handle
so these cars are they've previously
this cause Mike
you're doing a good job soon want out to
get me
howdy alright in this as well it's it's
very nice calm
yeah I hope you enjoyed this video let
me know if you want me to do any of our
series on YouTube sorry about the
quality leave a comment in question HDTV
I'll see ya